Add debug option to SPM (#964)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: include/spm.rst

   * TWIM2
   * UARTE0, UARTE1

> If you want to use software breakpoints when stepping through your code, you would have to disable the lock bit on permissions.

Reviewer: on flash and sram permissions, right? Cause, the peripheral permissions are not affected

Author: That's correct, we only need to be able to modify the permissions set to insert code in flash or ram for setting software breakpoints.

> If you want to use software breakpoints when stepping through your code, you would have to disable the lock bit on permissions for flash and ram.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to use software breakpoints when stepping through your code, it is necessary to disable the lock bit on permissions for flash and RAM.
You can use the :option:`CONFIG_SPM_DEBUG` option to prevent SPM from setting this lock bit.
Keep in mind however, that this configuration disables some security features and must never be used in production.
```
